Add tutorial and API docs for HTTP crawler log submission (#18332)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/base/logs-crawlers.md

# Log Crawlers

## Overview

Some systems expose their logs from HTTP endpoints instead of files that the Logs Agent can tail.
In such cases, you can create an agent integration to crawl the endpoints and submit the logs.

> This diagram shows how a logs crawler agent integration that fits into the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the integration of a logs crawler agent within the Datadog Agent.
```
I think this is the best phrasing, if i'm understanding the concept correctly :)

Author: @aliciascott Hmm, "logs crawler agent" isn't a thing.

Tell me what you think of this phrasing:

> The following diagram illustrates how crawling logs integrations into the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: Ok yes I think that is fine, but I think it would be "integrates" used in that sentence ?

Author: yes, I got lost between all the "integration" and "integrates" variants :joy

# Log Crawlers

## Overview

Some systems expose their logs from HTTP endpoints instead of files that the Logs Agent can tail.

> In such cases you can create an agent integration to crawl the endpoints and submit the logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In such cases, you can create an agent integration to crawl the endpoints and submit the logs.
```

> This diagram shows how a logs crawler agent integration that fits into the agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This diagram shows how a logs crawler agent integration fits into the agent.
```

maybe: "This diagram shows how a logs crawler agent integration fits into the agent's log submission pathway."

Or something along those lines. I'll defer to docs to see what they think is clear.

Author: I'm also not happy with how I phrased it, waiting for docs to weigh in :)

Author: Closing this, see [thread with docs](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18332/files#r1727253961).

<div align="center" markdown="1">

```mermaid
graph LR
    subgraph "Agent Integration (you write this)"
    A[Log Stream] -->|Log Records| B(Log Crawler Check)
    end
    subgraph Agent

>     B -->|Send Logs| C(RTLoader API)

Reviewer 3: Let's not mention the API (especially because the name will change after a new implementation) and just indicate that it writes directly to a log file

Author: 👍
